Update policy-csp-update.md (#10736)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/client-management/mdm/policy-csp-update.md

<!--/Scope-->
<!--Description-->

> Enables the IT admin to schedule the time of the update installation. Noting that there is a +/- 30 minute window to allow for higher success rates of installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables the IT admin to schedule the time of the update installation. Note that there is a window of approximately 30 minutes to allow for higher success rates of installation.
```
